Sir, please change your clothes first and I will prepare them.
Hey, your spice is a bit special, isn't it?
Spices are a specialty of our store
It allows customers to relax completely
Fall into deep sleep
Well, that sounds nice.
Sir please lie down
Push harder!
I eat noodles well
Sir, are you asleep?
Sir?
Didn't you say he was great?
In my secret aromatherapy
Still sleeping like a dead pig at the mercy of others
take money
Solve disasters for others
Don't blame me.
But he ended his life in his sleep
It should be a wonderful and comfortable experience
It's a pity no one told me
How comfortable is this feeling?
How wonderful
Because because they are all dead
They're all dead.
Beautiful woman, I don't think I ordered this service